downplay a bit the theoretical chemistry part (#19)
ResearchSoftwareHour/researchsoftwarehour.github.io: _posts/2020-04-22-what-is-rsh.md

<!--more-->

[Radovan Bast](https://bast.fr) is a research software engineer
with background in theoretical chemistry.
He's worked in France, Stockholm, and now
Tromsø at the border between science, software, and computational
support and enjoys supporting multi-disciplinary research.
He now works as part of the [Sigma2 metacenter](https://documentation.sigma2.no/)
at the University of Tromsø, Norway, and
leads the [CodeRefinery](https://coderefinery.org) project.  Richard

> Darst is a computational data scientist, also with background in theoretical chemistry,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Darst is a computational data scientist with background in network science and theoretical chemistry,
```
we can emphasize my non-chemistry parts
